over 75 million people around the world  own one of these things and in case you  haven't been connected to the internet  in the last five minutes you may not  know about 76 million people around the  world are freaking out because they have  just discovered that they are about to  lose the opportunity  now and forever to download new software  from the eshop now i know what you're  thinking  i know what you're thinking this is a  cause for political turmoil this is a  cause for something like a civil war i  feel entitled just because i've given  nintendo so much of my time and so much  of my money i deserve something back no  you don't there's a civil war in myanmar  okay if you want to get involved if you  want to get involved with a political  conflict you got options in this life  you are in the position to do one thing  and one thing only and that is to come  on youtube click on a youtube video like  this one and reflect on the question of  whether or not there's anything you want  to buy and you want to download before  it's too late now i think most people's  thinking about this is 180 degrees the  wrong way around you're thinking are  there any games that are so wonderful  that are so enjoyable that are so great  that i'm gonna regret it if i don't buy  them that i'm gonna regret it if i don't  spend 100 hours playing them from start  to finish i think that's the wrong  question that's going to lead you to the  wrong answer there are games  that are terrible  there are games that are a complete  waste of your time  and a complete waste of your money but  you should buy them anyway  because you will regret it if you don't  behold the glory of  mario  calculator is it a good game  no  is it worth your money no even if it  were half the price they are charging it  would still  be a rip-off it's a complete waste of  your time it's a complete waste your  money buy it anyway  download it and buy it today because if  you don't  you will regret it for the rest of your  life 10 years from now 20 years from now  you are going to be sitting there with  your nintendo 2ds 3ds or even gotten  thinking damn it i me i missed my chance  and no you know i own this thing doesn't  have any practical value in my life once  in a while i joke with my girlfriend  that we can convert between fahrenheit  and centigrade with mario sound effect  no of course it's garbage but buy it  anyway  [Music]  here's another great example  3d classics excite bike is it a good  game  no  is it even the best version of this game  no  is it worth the money no absolutely not  it is ludicrously overpriced for what it  is is it worth your time if you buy it  you will never play it for more than  five minutes in a sitting i would be  shocked if you play this for more than  30 minutes a year  but if you don't buy it of course you  will regret it for the rest of your life  you'll be sitting there wondering if  only i knew how much worse this version  of the game is than the [ __ ] famicom  disc system version that was only  released in japan but you can't know  that unless you waste your time and  waste your money right now before they  close the eshop you will miss your  chance to be disappointed  if you don't download and buy it so go  ahead make the wrong decision because  there is no right way  to fail the sega classics 3d collection  is this worth your time no  is this worth your money no not at all  if you don't buy it  and if you don't buy two copies of it  there's no way you can ever play puyo  puyo with your girlfriend  while you are sitting in two separate  rooms oh you think that doesn't matter  you think that's not important in your  life your girlfriend could have diarrhea  she's sitting on the toilet having  diarrhea you're lying in bed or doing  jumping jacks in the living room or  whatever you want to play puyo puyo well  one of you's got diarrhea and one  doesn't you're telling me that's not  worth the money of course it's not worth  the money but if you don't invest now if  you don't make that decision now  you will forever miss your chance  in general the whole phenomenon of sega  remaking and reissuing its games on the  3ds you can just say in each and every  case is this the best way to play the  game no is this the best version of the  game no are you going to be disappointed  if you spend the money on it yes but if  you don't  you know  five years from now it's going to be  burning away your soul that you you  could have owned a you know sonic one  you could have owned uh what is it not  ninja gaiden the other ninja sorry they  all wear the same mask  whatever the sega ninja game shinobi you  could have owned shinobi 350 3ds and you  missed your chance again is this the  best version of shinobi three is this  best way to play no are you gonna be  disappointed yes but if you don't buy it  you'll always wonder and you'll later  regret it  [Music]  have you ever wanted to buy something  that would help you learn a language  and it's so expensive and so pretentious  and so annoying that you'll feel guilty  if you don't study that language  maybe you should consider the option  of buying the guided tour of the louvre  museum in france in in your choice of a  language you don't speak yet or you  haven't mastered yet i bought this in  spanish  i paid a ludicrous amount of money to  get 30 hours of lectures  in spanish about art and archaeology and  history so that i can feel guilty that  i'm not listening to it and right now  i'm wondering with the eshop closing  maybe maybe i should spend even more  money so that i also own the version  that's in french you could buy the  english the spanish and the french but  if you don't before you know it it'll be  too late and that opportunity is gone  remember wasting time and wasting money  are two completely different things you  can own  all six mega man games on your 3ds and  it doesn't take up any space and it  doesn't take up any time as long as you  don't play them  and even though this is not the best way  to play those games as with practically  everything else on the 3ds even if you  can say that something is a good game  like cursed castilla  like oh that remake of castlevania curse  of the moon  like the remake of blaster master  blaster master zero even if it is a good  game the 3ds version is never the best  version of that game in some cases it's  not even a good version a thousand and  one spikes the worst possible version  you could buy is on the 3ds but it's  your last chance to get it now and with  any of these if you don't buy it if you  don't buckle down a bite if you don't  amass these intrinsically worthless  digital copies of downloadable titles  now you're going to be an old man 10  years from now 20 years from now 40  years from now you're going to be wiping  the dust off of your 3ds and reflecting  and wondering what if i could take a  guided tour of the louvre museum in  france in a language i can't understand  and what if i spent the last 20 years of  that guild trip hanging over my head  because i bought that software would  have been living with the pressure on me  to try a little harder to learn that  language so that ultimately is what  nintendo's model of digital consumerism  is all about accumulating things that  you won't  enjoy but that you will suffer  by not owning  so you won't enjoy owning these things  but if you don't own them you will  suffer from their absence so i've got to  ask myself a tough question today i  already own mario 3 on like six  different platforms how many ways do i  have to play mario 3 and i don't even  want to play it i never need to play  that [ __ ] game again never i don't  even think it's a great game  it's just kind of so-so but if i don't  if i don't pay nintendo more money to  download mario 3 again on my 3ds today  i might never have the chance to do it  [Music]